Release 1.9.1 (develop) (#378)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: resources/release-notes.md

body="The version numbers used in headers on this page refers to the version of
this very documentation, not to a version of any APIs described by it." %}

## May 2020

### Version 1.9.1

* Corrected sequence diagrams in [Swish Payments][swish] and
  [Vipps Payments][vipps].

> * Added `description` field for all payment instruments.
> * Added `language` description for all payment instruments.
> * Corrected all broken links in Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `description` field is now more thoroughly described for all requests it's
  present in.
* The `language` field is now better described for all requests it's present in.
* All broken links should now be unbroken.
```
